fer feia
fer fet
fer fessin
fer feren
fer feres
fer fan
fer faria
fer faig
fer faré
fer fem
fer fans
fer facin
fer fes
fer fa
fer enrere
fer feien
fer fer
fer fent
fer feu
fer faci
fer faran
fer fas
fer farà
fer fer-se
fer fets
fer farien
fer fetes
fer farem
donar dones
donar donaven
donar donem
donar donarà
donar donarien
donar dóna
donar donants
donar donar
donar donat
donar doni
donar donaren
donar donaria
donar donant
donar doneu
donar donaré
donar donés
donar donades
donar donares
donar donin
donar donaran
donar donats
donar dono
donar donada
donar donen
donar dona
donar donessin
donar donàvem
donar donava
anar va
anar veia
anar anirien
anar anem
anar vist
anar aneu
anar anar
anar vegin
anar vista
anar veuran
anar veien
anar veurà
anar vagin
anar veient
anar vistes
anar vagi
anar anassin
anar veurem
anar a
anar anaven
anar termes
anar anaren
anar anava
anar veurien
anar varen
anar anàvem
anar veus
anar aniran
anar anà
anar van
anar aniria
anar veure
anar veiés
anar vegi
anar anirà
anar vaig
anar anat
anar anés
anar anant
anar terme
anar veu
anar veuríem
anar res
anar veig
anar veuen
anar anessin
anar veuria
anar veiem
forma format
forma forma
forma formats
forma formaven
forma formar
forma formes
forma formava
forma formin
forma formen
forma formarien
forma formaran
forma formà
forma formant
forma formarà
obra obre
obra obra
obra obres
obra obren
obra obrien
obra obriran
obra obria
obra obririen
obra obras
obra oberta
obra obrint
obra obrirà
obra obert
obra obrir
obra obrin
obra obri
estar estigui
estar són
estar estiguin
estar estava
estar estàvem
estar està
estar esta
estar estant
estar era
estar estaríem
estar seria
estar ser
estar estem
estar és
estar estic
estar estés
estar estirà
estar estaran
estar estan
estar sigut
estar eren
estar esten
estar estats
estar estaven
estar seran
estar estiguessin
estar estat
estar estarem
estar estigués
estar esto
estar estar
estar siguin
estar estaria
estar estarà
estar estarien
portar porti
portar portarà
portar portessin
portar càrrec
portar porto
portar porten
portar càrrecs
portar portant
portar portes
portar portà
portar portin
portar portarien
portar portar
portar -se
portar porta
portar portaven
portar portat
portar portaren
portar portaria
portar portem
portar portés
portar portats
portar portava
portar portaran
mort moren
mort morta
mort mori
mort mortes
mort morir
mort mortos
mort mort
mort morint
mort morts
mort mor
mort morís
dir diguem
dir dic
dir dirà
dir diria
dir digués
dir diríem
dir dirien
dir diem
dir dit
dir deien
dir digui
dir diu
dir dient
dir dien
dir diré
dir deixo
dir diuen
dir deia
dir dim
dir dir
dir dits
dir diran
dir diguin
dir direm
passar passes
passar passara
passar passessin
passar passés
passar passaran
passar passassin
passar passant
passar passa
passar passarà
passar passi
passar passin
passar passades
passar passarien
passar passava
passar passaren
passar passat
passar passem
passar passarem
passar passaria
passar passàvem
passar passaven
passar passar
passar passis
passar passats
passar passen
mostrar mostri
mostrar mostrarà
mostrar mostrem
mostrar mostrar
mostrar mostraren
mostrar mostraven
mostrar mostrava
mostrar mostrin
mostrar mostrassin
mostrar mostren
mostrar mostrarien
mostrar mostrant
mostrar mostrés
mostrar mostrat
mostrar mostrades
mostrar mostrats
mostrar mostraran
mostrar mostres
mostrar mostraria
mostrar mostra
mostrar mostrada
tornar tornats
tornar tornava
tornar torneu
tornar tornarien
tornar tornar
tornar tornaria
tornar tornarem
tornar tornaren
tornar tornés
tornar tornarà
tornar torni
tornar tornessin
tornar tornin
tornar tornem
tornar tornaven
tornar tornada
tornar tornant
tornar torno
tornar tornaríem
tornar tornades
tornar tornaré
tornar tornen
tornar tornat
tornar tornaran
tornar torna
estudiar estudiï
estudiar estudiem
estudiar estudien
estudiar estudiaren
estudiar estudiada
estudiar estudiava
estudiar estudiar
estudiar estudiés
estudiar estudiades
estudiar estudiants
estudiar estudiaria
estudiar estudia
estudiar estudiessin
estudiar estudiat
estudiar estudiaven
estudiar estudiant
estudiar estudià
estudiar estudiats
causa causat
causa causants
causa causant
causa causada
causa causar
causa causes
causa causa
cas casà
cas casem
cas casos
cas cas
cas ca
tractar tractant
tractar tractada
tractar tractades
tractar tractarien
tractar tractava
tractar tractat
tractar tracti
tractar tractats
tractar tractés
tractar tractin
tractar tractaven
tractar tractessin
tractar tractem
tractar tracta
tractar tractar
tractar tractà
tractar tractaran
tractar tractaren
tractar tractaria
tractar tractarem
tractar tracten
tractar tractarà
seguir seguits
seguir seguirà
seguir seguiran
seguir segueixen
seguir segueix
seguir seguirem
seguir seguim
seguir seguia
seguir seguiren
seguir seguissin
seguir seguiria
seguir seguirien
seguir seguir
seguir seguit
seguir seguien
seguir seguides
seguir segueixin
seguir seguint
seguir seguís
seguir segueixi
participar participaven
participar participin
participar participaria
participar participant
participar participaren
participar participo
participar participà
participar participarà
participar participaran
participar participarien
participar participava
participar participessin
participar participar
participar participi
participar participés
participar participat
participar participen
participar participa
participar participants
conèixer coneixien
conèixer coneixia
conèixer coneguda
conèixer coneguin
conèixer coneguem
conèixer coneixerà
conèixer conegui
conèixer conèixer
conèixer coneguts
conèixer coneix
conèixer conegut
conèixer coneixen
conèixer coneixent
conèixer coneixem
conèixer coneixeran
conèixer conec
conèixer conegués
resta restes
resta restar
resta restat
resta restarà
resta resti
resta restaran
resta resten
resta resta
força força
força forçades
força forçar
força forces
força forçats
força forçaven
força forçat
escriure escrivia
escriure escriguin
escriure escrivim
escriure escriuran
escriure escrivien
escriure escriurien
escriure escrivint
escriure escriurem
escriure escriuria
escriure escriure
escriure escriu
escriure escric
escriure escriuen
escriure escrit
escriure escriurà
escriure escrits
voler vulgui
voler volent
voler vulguin
voler volíem
voler voler
voler voldria
voler vols
voler volarà
voler volen
voler volaran
voler volgut
voler volia
voler vull
voler voldríem
voler volem
voler volessin
voler vol
voler volgués
voler voleu
voler volien
voler voldrà
voler voldrien
prendre prenen
prendre prenguin
prendre près
prendre prengués
prendre prenia
prendre prendrà
prendre prendrien
prendre presos
prendre pren
prendre prenent
prendre prenem
prendre prendran
prendre prendria
prendre prenien
prendre prendre
prendre pres
prendre prengui
representant representen
representant representat
representant representi
representant representava
representant representaran
representant representaven
representant representar
representant representant
representant representants
representant representa
representant representarà
resultat resultats
resultat resultés
resultat resultat
resultat resultarà
resultat resultin
resultat resulta
resultat resulti
resultat resultar
resultat resultava
creure creiem
creure cregui
creure creguin
creure creuria
creure creurà
creure creu
creure creure
creure creuen
creure cret
creure crec
creure creient
creure cregut
creure creien
creure creia
creure creurem
creure cresqués
ajuda ajudin
ajuda ajudi
ajuda ajuda
ajuda ajudessin
ajuda ajudat
ajuda ajuden
ajuda ajudarà
ajuda ajudes
ajuda ajudaran
ajuda ajudar
ajuda ajudant
defensar defensant
defensar defenses
defensar defensaren
defensar defensar
defensar defensa
defensar defensessin
defensar defensat
defensar defensada
defensar defensi
defensar defensaria
defensar defensin
defensar defensen
defensar defensava
defensar defensés
defensar defenso
defensar defensats
defensar defensaven
defensar defensarà
defensar defensarien
parlar parlessin
parlar parlin
parlar parlant
parlar parlaven
parlar parlassin
parlar parlava
parlar parlada
parlar parlen
parlar parla
parlar parlarà
parlar parlés
parlar parlar
parlar parlàvem
parlar parlars
parlar parlaren
parlar parli
parlar parlaria
parlar parlo
parlar parlem
parlar parlat
figura figures
figura figuri
figura figurava
figura figurar
figura figuraven
figura figuren
figura figura
figura figurin
lluita lluitat
lluita lluitem
lluita lluita
lluita lluitar
lluita lluitant
lluita lluitava
lluita lluites
lluita lluiten
disputar disputes
disputar disputat
disputar disputi
disputar disputa
disputar disputés
disputar disputà
disputar disputaria
disputar disputaven
disputar disputarà
disputar disputaran
disputar disputada
disputar disputava
disputar disputen
disputar disputaren
disputar disputar
disputar disputades
disputar disputats
disputar disputant
marcar marcarien
marcar marcaran
marcar marquin
marcar marcats
marcar marquen
marcar marqui
marcar marca
marcar marcant
marcar marcada
marcar marqués
marcar marcaria
marcar marcava
marcar marques
marcar marquem
marcar marcaven
marcar marcar
marcar marcat
marcar marcarà
marcar marcaren
sentit sentia
sentit sentits
sentit sentin
sentit sentien
sentit senti
sentit sentissin
sentit sentir
sentit sento
sentit senten
sentit sentit
sentit sent
sentit sentint
data data
data dates
sol sol
sol sola
sol solia
sol solen
integrar integraria
integrar integrar
integrar integrarem
integrar integrat
integrar integren
integrar integrada
integrar integrants
integrar integri
integrar integraren
integrar integrin
integrar integra
integrar integressin
integrar integraven
integrar integrés
integrar integrarien
integrar integrarà
integrar integrava
integrar integrades
integrar integrem
integrar integrant
integrar integrats
integrar integraran
necessitat necessitats
necessitat necessitava
necessitat necessito
necessitat necessitarà
necessitat necessita
necessitat necessites
necessitat necessitat
necessitat necessitem
necessitat necessitaria
necessitat necessitaven
necessitat necessitaran
necessitat necessitin
necessitat necessitar
necessitat necessiten
significar significat
significar significant
significar significa
significar signifiqui
significar significaria
significar significaven
significar significaren
significar significarà
significar significava
significar signifiqués
significar significar
significar signifiquen
cantant canto
cantant cantant
cantant canten
cantant cantants
cantant cantar
cantant canta
cobrir cobreixen
cobrir cobrien
cobrir cobria
cobrir cobriren
cobrir coberts
cobrir cobreixi
cobrir cobreix
cobrir cobert
cobrir cobriré
cobrir cobriria
cobrir cobrissin
cobrir coberta
cobrir cobreixin
cobrir cobrís
cobrir cobrint
cobrir cobrir
treure traient
treure treguin
treure treia
treure trauen
treure treu
treure trets
treure treure
treure traurà
treure trauria
treure tret
treure traure
treure treien
treure tregui
treure treuen
treure treta
estrenar estrenaven
estrenar estrenà
estrenar estrenar
estrenar estrenant
estrenar estreni
estrenar estrenava
estrenar estrenats
estrenar estrenada
estrenar estrenés
estrenar estrenaren
estrenar estrenarà
estrenar estrenades
estrenar estrena
estrenar estrenen
estrenar estrenaria
estrenar estrenat
estrenar estrenarien
resposta respost
resposta respondre
resposta responen
resposta respon
resposta responia
resposta resposta
resposta respostes
resposta respongués
resposta responien
resposta respondrà
resposta responguin
córrer correria
córrer corria
córrer corrien
córrer corre
córrer corri
córrer correm
córrer corren
córrer córrer
córrer corrent
córrer corrents
combatre combatre
combatre combats
combatre combatran
combatre combatria
combatre combatut
combatre combat
combatre combatés
combatre combatuts
combatre combatia
combatre combatuda
combatre combatrà
combatre combaten
combatre combatent
combatre combatien
visita visiten
visita visitin
visita visitats
visita visitat
visita visiti
visita visites
visita visitar
visita visitada
visita visita
visita visitaran
visita visitava
compondre compondre
compondre composta
compondre compongués
compondre compondran
compondre compondria
compondre compon
compondre compondrà
compondre componia
compondre componien
compondre compondrien
compondre compost
compondre componen
assassinat assassinada
assassinat assassinat
assassinat assassina
assassinat assassinats
assassinat assassinar
assassinat assassinades
llançar llancen
llançar llancin
llançar llançarà
llançar llançaria
llançar llançats
llançar llançada
llançar llançaran
llançar llançarien
llançar llançava
llançar llançés
llançar llança
llançar llanci
llançar llançat
llançar llancés
llançar llançar
llançar llançaven
llançar llançaren
llançar llançant
llançar llançades
recollir recollia
recollir recullen
recollir recolliria
recollir recollides
recollir recolliren
recollir reculli
recollir recollirà
recollir recollida
recollir recollien
recollir recollits
recollir recollir
recollir recollint
recollir recollit
recollir recull
recollir recollís
restaurant restaurat
restaurant restaurant
restaurant restaurants
restaurant restaurats
restaurant restaurar
millora milloren
millora millorada
millora millora
millora milloraran
millora millores
millora millorant
millora millorat
millora millorar
millora millori
deure deiem
deure degui
deure devem
deure deuria
deure deure
deure deurà
deure deguda
deure devia
deure devent
deure deures
deure deu
deure devien
deure deuen
deure deurien
escollir escollim
escollir escollits
escollir escolliren
escollir escollissin
escollir esculli
escollir escollit
escollir esculls
escollir escollides
escollir escollís
escollir escollint
escollir escullen
escollir escollir
escollir escollirà
escollir escollien
escollir escolliria
escollir escollia
escollir escull
esperar esperar
esperar esperin
esperar espera
esperar esperava
esperar esperes
esperar esperat
esperar esperarà
esperar esperarien
esperar espero
esperar esperaven
esperar esperessin
esperar esperaria
esperar esperés
esperar esperen
esperar esperant
esperar esperaren
governar governada
governar governar
governar governés
governar governa
governar governat
governar governaven
governar governades
governar governarà
governar governen
governar governaren
governar governaria
governar governant
governar governessin
governar governants
governar governava
governar governarien
governar governats
adquirir adquirissin
adquirir adquirida
adquirir adquireixi
adquirir adquiriren
adquirir adquirides
adquirir adquirits
adquirir adquirim
adquirir adquireixen
adquirir adquireix
adquirir adquirit
adquirir adquirirà
adquirir adquirís
adquirir adquirir
adquirir adquirint
adquirir adquirien
gira gira
gira gires
gira girava
gira girar
gira giren
gira giri
contracte contracta
contracte contractes
contracte contractat
contracte contracte
contracte contractaven
contracte contractar
contracte contractats
contracte contracten
guany guanyà
guany guany
guany guanys
encarregar encarregava
encarregar encarregaran
encarregar encarregués
encarregar encarregant
encarregar encarrega
encarregar encarregarà
encarregar encarregar
encarregar encarregats
encarregar encarregat
encarregar encarreguen
encarregar encarregui
encarregar encarreguin
encarregar encarregaven
encarregar encarregaria
encarregar encarregades
encarregar encarregaré
encarregar encarregarien
encarregar encarregaren
tancar tancava
tancar tancats
tancar tancar
tancar tancaran
tancar tancarien
tancar tanca
tancar tanquen
tancar tancarà
tancar tanquin
tancar tancaven
tancar tanquessin
tancar tanqués
tancar tanqui
tancar tancada
tancar tancant
tancar tancades
tancar tancat
tancar tanques
tancar tancaria
tancar tancaren
torn torns
torn torn
torn tornà
recórrer recórrer
recórrer recorreguts
recórrer recorrerà
recórrer recorrent
recórrer recorria
recórrer recorri
recórrer recorre
recórrer recorregut
recórrer recorren
recórrer recorreria
derivar derivada
derivar derivés
derivar derivar
derivar derivant
derivar derivats
derivar derivarien
derivar derivi
derivar derivaven
derivar derivarà
derivar derivin
derivar derivaren
derivar derivaria
derivar derivessin
derivar derivades
derivar derivat
derivar deriva
derivar deriven
derivar derivava
compra comprat
compra compri
compra compres
compra compren
compra comprés
compra comprarà
compra comprar
compra comprava
compra compra
compra comprin
compra compraven
amenaçar amenaçaven
amenaçar amenaçar
amenaçar amenacés
amenaçar amenaçat
amenaçar amenacen
amenaçar amenaçada
amenaçar amenaçats
amenaçar amenaçades
amenaçar amenaçava
amenaçar amenaçarien
amenaçar amenaçaren
amenaçar amenaces
amenaçar amenaçaria
amenaçar amenaça
amenaçar amenaçant
fotografia fotografiar
fotografia fotografia
fotografia fotografies
ésser éssers
ésser ésser
afectar afectessin
afectar afectada
afectar afecta
afectar afectant
afectar afectats
afectar afectaren
afectar afectarà
afectar afectar
afectar afectat
afectar afectés
afectar afecten
afectar afectaria
afectar afectà
afectar afectades
afectar afectarien
afectar afectaven
afectar afectaran
afectar afectin
afectar afectava
afectar afecti
comandant comandants
comandant comandant
gravar gravava
gravar gravaven
gravar gravades
gravar gravi
gravar gravaren
gravar gravant
gravar gravarà
gravar graven
gravar gravada
gravar gravaria
gravar gravessin
gravar gravin
gravar gravem
gravar gravats
gravar gravar
gravar gravarien
gravar gravat
desaparèixer desapareixerà
desaparèixer desaparegués
desaparèixer desaparèixer
desaparèixer desapareixerien
desaparèixer desapareguessin
desaparèixer desapareixent
desaparèixer desapareix
desaparèixer desapareixien
desaparèixer desapareixen
desaparèixer desapareguts
desaparèixer desapareguin
desaparèixer desaparegut
desaparèixer desapareixia
desaparèixer desaparegui
baixar baixessin
baixar baixant
baixar baixarien
baixar baixava
baixar baixarem
baixar baixin
baixar baixi
baixar baixaven
baixar baixaria
baixar baixat
baixar baixarà
baixar baixa
baixar baixar
baixar baixés
baixar baixen
baixar baixem
baixar baixaren
baixar baixes
facilitar facilitarien
facilitar faciliti
facilitar facilitar
facilitar facilitin
facilitar faciliten
facilitar facilitaran
facilitar facilitaria
facilitar facilitaven
facilitar facilitats
facilitar facilità
facilitar facilités
facilitar facilitarà
facilitar facilitava
facilitar facilitat
facilitar facilitada
facilitar facilita
facilitar facilitant
citar cités
citar cità
citar citarà
citar citaren
citar citades
citar cites
citar citaven
citar cita
citar citessin
citar citarem
citar citen
citar cito
citar citi
citar citada
citar citat
citar citava
citar citats
citar citem
citar citar
citar citant
menjar menjar
menjar menja
menjar mengin
menjar menjat
menjar menjant
menjar menjaven
menjar menjava
menjar menjars
menjar mengem
menjar mengen
militar milità
militar militen
militar militaria
militar militat
militar militar
militar militarà
militar militava
militar militars
militar militaven
militar milita
militar militarien
reserva reservar
reserva reserva
reserva reserves
robar robin
robar roben
robar robat
robar robaven
robar robava
robar robes
robar robada
robar roba
robar robades
robar robant
robar robés
robar robaren
robar robar
nota nota
nota notar
nota notes
nota notés
nota notant
nota notat
nota notas
nota noten
marc marc
marc marcs
marc marcà
conca conques
conca conca
executar executat
executar executava
executar executarà
executar executant
executar executessin
executar executats
executar executaria
executar executa
executar executades
executar executar
executar executi
executar executin
executar executen
executar executaren
executar executada
executar executem
executar executarien
executar executaran
executar executaven
executar executà
acompanyar acompanyants
acompanyar acompanyarien
acompanyar acompanyar
acompanyar acompanyés
acompanyar acompanyaren
acompanyar acompanyava
acompanyar acompanyats
acompanyar acompanyarà
acompanyar acompanyin
acompanyar acompanyat
acompanyar acompanyaran
acompanyar acompanyades
acompanyar acompanyen
acompanyar acompanyi
acompanyar acompanyaria
acompanyar acompanyada
acompanyar acompanya
acompanyar acompanyaven
acompanyar acompanyessin
acompanyar acompanyant
estimar estimem
estimar estimo
estimar estimaria
estimar estimi
estimar estimin
estimar estimaven
estimar estimen
estimar estima
estimar estimaren
estimar estimant
estimar estimarà
estimar estimés
estimar estimar
estimar estimà
estimar estimat
estimar estimava
estimar estimada
dificultat dificultarà
dificultat dificultat
dificultat dificultar
dificultat dificulten
dificultat dificultats
corona coronar
corona corona
corona corones
corona coronava
fabricant fabricants
fabricant fabricant
fabricant fabrica
fabricant fabricar
fabricant fabricats
fabricant fabricat
fabricant fabricada
condemnar condemnen
condemnar condemnada
condemnar condemnava
condemnar condemnaren
condemnar condemnant
condemnar condemna
condemnar condemnats
condemnar condemnades
condemnar condemnat
condemnar condemnés
condemnar condemnar
condemnar condemni
condemnar condemnaria
condemnar condemnaven
condemnar condemnes
condemnar condemnarà
sumar sumaria
sumar sumo
sumar sumava
sumar sumessin
sumar sumaven
sumar sumar
sumar suma
sumar sumes
sumar sumarien
sumar sumem
sumar sumen
sumar sumat
sumar sumin
sumar sumant
sumar sumés
sumar sumi
sumar sumà
sumar sumaren
atendre atesos
atendre atès
atendre ateses
atendre atendre
atendre atén
atendre atenia
atendre atesa
atendre atengui
atendre atenien
atendre atenem
atendre atenent
atendre atenen
presa preses
presa presa
retorn retorn
retorn retornà
retorn retorns
combinar combinaven
combinar combinats
combinar combinarem
combinar combinava
combinar combinat
combinar combinada
combinar combinaren
combinar combinen
combinar combinant
combinar combinarà
combinar combinessin
combinar combinaria
combinar combinar
combinar combinés
combinar combinarien
combinar combina
falta falta
falta faltes
falta falti
falta faltaran
falta faltaven
falta falten
falta faltava
falta faltat
falta faltés
falta faltar
manca manques
manca manca
crida criden
crida crides
crida cridin
crida cridant
crida crida
crida cridats
crida cridar
crida cridava
aprendre aprendre
aprendre aprenien
aprendre aprenents
aprendre aprendria
aprendre aprenent
aprendre aprendrà
aprendre aprenem
aprendre aprengui
aprendre aprenen
aprendre apreses
aprendre après
aprendre apresos
aprendre aprén
aprendre aprenia
aprendre aprèn
aprendre aprenguin
classificar classificades
classificar classificant
classificar classificava
classificar classifiquin
classificar classificada
classificar classificaria
classificar classificar
classificar classificat
classificar classificats
classificar classifica
classificar classifiqui
roda rodar
roda rodes
roda roda
roda rodat
jueu jueva
jueu jueu
jueu jueus
garantir garantint
garantir garantiria
garantir garantia
garantir garanties
garantir garantir
garantir garantís
garantir garanteixi
garantir garantiren
garantir garanteixen
garantir garantirien
garantir garantien
garantir garantissin
garantir garantit
garantir garanteixin
garantir garanteix
garantir garantirà
garantir garantits
habilitar habilitar
habilitar habilitava
habilitar habilitaran
habilitar habilitats
habilitar habilita
habilitar habiliti
habilitar habilitessin
habilitar habilitat
habilitar habilitant
habilitar habiliten
habilitar habilités
acusar acusats
acusar acusaren
acusar acusarà
acusar acusaria
acusar acusava
acusar acusen
acusar acusant
acusar acusades
acusar acusessin
acusar acusés
acusar acusaven
acusar acusa
acusar acusar
acusar acusat
trobada trobada
trobada trobades
variant variants
variant variant
advocat advocat
advocat advoca
advocat advocar
advocat advocats
practicar practicada
practicar practicaria
practicar practiquen
practicar practicaran
practicar practicants
practicar practicar
practicar practicava
practicar practicaven
practicar practica
practicar practicant
practicar practicat
practicar practicaren
practicar practiquin
practicar practiqui
practicar practiqués
practicar practicarà
triar triaven
triar triat
triar tria
triar triant
triar triïn
triar trià
triar triï
triar triaria
triar triar
triar triats
triar triades
triar triava
detenir detinguts
detenir detenir
detenir detindrà
detenir detingués
detenir detingudes
detenir deté
detenir detinguda
detenir detenen
detenir detingut
barrejar barrejava
barrejar barregi
barrejar barrejats
barrejar barrejar
barrejar barrejaria
barrejar barrejat
barrejar barrejaren
barrejar barrejant
barrejar barregés
barrejar barrejades
barrejar barrejaven
barrejar barregen
barrejar barregin
barrejar barreja
barrejar barrejarien
manifestar manifestants
manifestar manifestà
manifestar manifesten
manifestar manifestat
manifestar manifestar
manifestar manifestava
manifestar manifestin
manifestar manifesta
manifestar manifestarà
manifestar manifestada
manifestar manifesti
manifestar manifestessin
manifestar manifestant
manifestar manifestaven
manifestar manifestaren
manifestar manifestarien
debat debat
debat debatuts
debat debaté
debat debatut
debat debatre
debat debats
debat debatudes
debat debatuda
fitxa fitxar
fitxa fitxat
fitxa fitxes
fitxa fitxa
titular titulars
titular titula
titular titulat
titular titulaven
titular titularia
titular titular
titular titulada
titular titulen
titular titulava
convidar convidada
convidar conviden
convidar convidés
convidar convidassin
convidar convidar
convidar convidant
convidar convidat
convidar convida
convidar convidava
convidar convidaven
convidar convidats
convidar convidà
convidar convidaren
convidar convidarà
convidar convidaran
convidar convidades
fou fou
cant cantos
cant cants
cant cant
preguntar preguntin
preguntar preguntessin
preguntar preguntarà
preguntar preguntem
preguntar pregunti
preguntar preguntaven
preguntar preguntis
preguntar pregunten
preguntar preguntada
preguntar preguntant
preguntar preguntà
preguntar pregunto
preguntar preguntar
preguntar pregunta
preguntar preguntaran
preguntar preguntes
preguntar preguntat
preguntar preguntava
altar altar
altar altars
doctor doctorà
doctor doctor
doctor doctors
presoner presoners
presoner presonera
presoner presoner
perruqueria perruqueries
perruqueria perruqueria
indi indian
indi indi
indi indis
descoberta descoberta
corba corbes
corba corba
coure coïa
coure coure
coure couen
coure cou
pesar pesessin
pesar pesaven
pesar pesen
pesar pesava
pesar pesaria
pesar pesa
pesar peses
pesar pesar
pesar pesant
votar votaven
votar voto
votar votés
votar votaren
votar votada
votar voten
votar vota
votar votants
votar votessin
votar votant
votar votarien
votar votat
votar votà
votar voti
votar votar
votar votaria
votar votava
portada portades
portada portada
emir emir
emir emirs
comunicat comunicats
comunicat comunicat
comunicat comuniquen
comunicat comunicar
comunicat comunicada
entregar entregats
entregar entregaran
entregar entregat
entregar entregaria
entregar entregada
entregar entregaven
entregar entrega
entregar entregues
entregar entregades
entregar entregant
entregar entregar
entregar entregava
entregar entregaren
finançar financi
finançar finançats
finançar finances
finançar finançaven
finançar finançar
finançar finançant
finançar finançat
finançar finançades
finançar financin
finançar finançada
finançar finançarà
finançar finançaran
finançar finanço
finançar finançaren
finançar financés
finançar finançaria
finançar financen
finançar finançava
finançar finança
ferit ferits
ferit ferit
ferit fereixi
ferit ferir
cerca cerques
cerca cerca
abat abats
abat abat
adreçar adreçaven
adreçar adrecés
adreçar adrecen
adreçar adreçar
adreçar adreçaren
adreçar adreço
adreçar adreça
adreçar adreçat
adreçar adreçant
adreçar adreçarien
adreçar adreçava
adreçar adreces
jutjat jutjant
jutjat jutjar
jutjat jutjada
jutjat jutjat
jutjat jutja
jutjat jutjats
acer acer
acer acers
continu continu
continu continuà
continu continus
continu contínua
tir tirem
tir tir
tir tirs
tir tien
tir tirà
morí morí
tirar tiren
tirar tirin
tirar tirés
tirar tirem
tirar tirat
tirar tirant
tirar tiraren
tirar tirava
tirar tiraven
tirar tirar
tirar tira
llicenciat llicenciat
llicenciat llicenciar
llicenciat llicenciats
apartat apartant
apartat apartats
apartat apartar
apartat apartat
apartat apartades
apartat apartada
cria cria
cria crien
cria cries
passà passà
talla talles
talla talla
amir amirs
amir amir
amir amida
inscriure inscriu
inscriure inscrit
inscriure inscriurien
inscriure inscrivint
inscriure inscriure
inscriure inscrivien
inscriure inscrits
inscriure inscriuen
fallar fallaria
fallar fallant
fallar falles
fallar falli
fallar fallar
fallar fallaren
fallar falla
fallar fallen
fallar fallava
fallar fallat
sobirà sobirana
sobirà sobirans
sobirà sobirà
e e
e an
apostar apostaren
apostar apostar
apostar apostessin
apostar apostat
apostar apostes
apostar apostant
apostar apostava
apostar aposta
apostar apostaven
apostar aposten
visir visirs
visir visir
separat separada
separat separades
separat separat
separat separats
sospita sospitava
sospita sospita
sospita sospiten
sospita sospitar
sospita sospites
vegeu vegeu
queixa queixava
queixa queixat
queixa queixar
queixa queixes
queixa queixen
queixa queixa
màrtir màrtir
màrtir màrtirs
tapar tapava
tapar tapaven
tapar tapant
tapar tapar
tapar tapa
tapar tapen
tapar tapes
tapar taparen
tapar tapat
tapar taparà
&amp &amp
con cons
con con
con consecutiva
son son
tsar tsar
tsar tsars
supr suprem
supr supra
re re
re ran
far féssim
far fareu
far far
far fen
far fars
far fin
patí patins
patí patí
russa russa
russa russes
alertar alertaren
alertar alertà
alertar alertes
alertar alertar
alertar alerta
alertar alertat
alertar alertant
alertar alertats
alertar alerten
alertar alertava
radar radars
radar radar
marxà marxà
caus caus
caus causà
