avoir auraient
avoir ayez
avoir à
avoir auront
avoir non
avoir eue
avoir aurez
avoir aient
avoir eut
avoir aurait
avoir eût
avoir eurent
avoir ont
avoir ait
avoir aie
avoir aurai
avoir avion
avoir avait
avoir aura
avoir aurais
avoir avons
avoir avaient
avoir avions
avoir a
avoir eus
avoir as
avoir eu
avoir ayant
avoir avoir
avoir ai
avoir avais
avoir avez
avoir avoirs
avoir ayons
avoir ayants
avoir aviez
partie partirent
partie parties
partie parts
partie pars
partie par
partie partait
partie partis
partie party
partie partir
partie partie
partie partit
partie partez
partie partent
partie part
partie parti
partie partant
faire fassent
faire fasse
faire fassiez
faire font
faire faire
faire fera
faire fit
faire faisais
faire firent
faire feraient
faire ferons
faire faisons
faire faisait
faire feront
faire faisant
faire ferait
faire faites
faire faits
faire faisaient
faire fais
faire ferai
faire fait
faire faite
faire ferais
pouvoir pouvant
pouvoir peuvent
pouvoir purent
pouvoir put
pouvoir pourraient
pouvoir pu
pouvoir pouvait
pouvoir pourront
pouvoir peut
pouvoir puisse
pouvoir pourra
pouvoir pourrais
pouvoir pourrions
pouvoir pouvoir
pouvoir pouvions
pouvoir peux
pouvoir pouvez
pouvoir puissent
pouvoir pourrait
pouvoir pouvons
pouvoir pouvaient
pouvoir pouvoirs
pouvoir pourrons
pouvoir pouvais
être suivit
être fut
être somme
être être
être étés
être suivie
être serait
être suivra
être serez
être suivies
être etant
être étais
être etre
être était
être suivre
être euros
être suivirent
être êtres
être suivait
être êtes
être sera
être suivi
être suit
être soyons
être suivent
être suivants
être seraient
être étant
être soit
être sommes
être e
être suivis
être furent
être été
être sont
être suivront
être suivante
être est
être étaient
être suivez
être suivant
être es
être suivantes
être soient
être euro
être suis
étude étudiés
étude etude
étude étudie
étude étudiées
étude étudiants
étude étudiée
étude études
étude étudiant
étude etudiants
étude étudier
étude étudiante
étude étudia
étude étudié
étude étude
étude étudient
étude étudiait
mourir mourront
mourir mourra
mourir mourut
mourir mortes
mourir mouraient
mourir mourir
mourir mourant
mourir morte
mourir meurt
mourir moururent
mourir meurent
mourir mort
mourir morts
mettre mis
mettre mises
mettre mit
mettre mettrait
mettre mette
mettre mettant
mettre mets
mettre mettent
mettre miser
mettre met
mettre mettait
mettre mettraient
mettre mettra
mettre mettre
mettre mettront
mettre mise
mettre mettez
mettre mettaient
voir vit
voir voyait
voir vivaient
voir vivait
voir vécut
voir voyais
voir vécu
voir vis
voir vivons
voir vivra
voir voyons
voir voyant
voir verrait
voir voit
voir voyaient
voir vue
voir virent
voir vus
voir vécues
voir vivants
voir voir
voir vois
voir vivre
voir vu
voir vivent
voir verront
voir voient
voir vivant
voir verrons
voir verra
voir vues
voir voyez
voir vive
voir verrez
voir vécue
prendre prendrons
prendre prise
prendre prenons
prendre prirent
prendre prende
prendre prendre
prendre prend
prendre prit
prendre prendrait
prendre prenez
prendre pris
prendre prenne
prendre prendront
prendre prenait
prendre prises
prendre prendra
prendre prenant
prendre prennent
prendre prendait
prendre prends
place placée
place plaçant
place placer
place places
place placera
place placées
place placés
place plaçait
place placent
place placé
place plaça
place place
forme former
forme formées
forme formes
forme formèrent
forme formant
forme formé
forme forment
forme formés
forme formerait
forme formait
forme forme
forme formée
donner donnant
donner donnée
donner donne
donner donnerai
donner donnes
donner donner
donner donnerais
donner donnés
donner données
donner donnez
donner donneront
donner donnèrent
donner donnait
donner donnons
donner donnais
donner donnaient
donner donné
donner donnerait
donner donnera
donner donna
donner donnent
sortir sortiront
sortir sorte
sortir sortie
sortir sortiraient
sortir sortir
sortir sortent
sortir sorties
sortir sortait
sortir sortis
sortir sort
sortir sortirai
sortir sortirons
sortir sorti
sortir sortirait
sortir sortaient
sortir sortira
sortir sortirent
sortir sortant
sortir sortit
sortir sortez
sortir sortes
porter porte
porter portez
porter porterons
porter portera
porter portait
porter portèrent
porter portaient
porter porté
porter portée
porter portées
porter portât
porter portant
porter portés
porter portent
porter portes
porter porteront
porter porteraient
porter porter
porter porterait
porter porta
participer participent
participer participa
participer participeraient
participer participait
participer participer
participer participera
participer participaient
participer participèrent
participer participeront
participer participant
participer participé
participer participerait
participer participants
participer participe
base basées
base basant
base basent
base baser
base basé
base bases
base basée
base basés
base base
rester restez
rester restais
rester restée
rester restent
rester restés
rester restes
rester restant
rester restées
rester restait
rester rester
rester reste
rester restera
rester restèrent
rester resta
rester restaient
rester resté
rester resteront
rester resterait
rester resteraient
rester restants
produire produise
produire produisent
produire produira
produire produite
produire produire
produire produites
produire produiront
produire produisait
produire produisaient
produire produisant
produire produit
produire produisit
produire produits
produire produirait
représenter représentant
représenter représenterait
représenter représentée
représenter représenteraient
représenter représentante
représenter représentera
représenter représenté
représenter représentèrent
représenter représentantes
représenter représentées
représenter représentants
représenter représentés
représenter représentaient
représenter représente
représenter représentait
représenter représentent
représenter représenta
représenter représentons
représenter représenter
classer classeront
classer classa
classer classes
classer classés
classer classées
classer classant
classer classait
classer classèrent
classer classée
classer classera
classer classer
classer classent
classer classé
classer classe
armée armer
armée armée
armée armés
armée armé
armée armées
passer passers
passer passée
passer passerai
passer passeront
passer passées
passer passent
passer passant
passer passe
passer passeraient
passer passèrent
passer passé
passer passerait
passer passante
passer passer
passer passait
passer passés
passer passa
passer passera
passer passaient
passer passes
passer passea
œuvre main-d'œuvre
œuvre oeuvres
œuvre chef-d'œuvre
œuvre œuvres
œuvre œuvré
œuvre œuvrer
œuvre œuvrait
œuvre manœuvre
œuvre manœuvres
œuvre œuvrant
œuvre œuvre
œuvre oeuvre
composer composent
composer composeront
composer composant
composer composée
composer composerait
composer composer
composer composé
composer composants
composer composa
composer compose
composer composés
composer composaient
composer composera
composer composées
composer composait
écrire écrivant
écrire écrites
écrire écrire
écrire écrirait
écrire écrit
écrire écrivait
écrire écris
écrire écriront
écrire écrits
écrire écrite
écrire écrira
écrire écrivent
écrire écrivit
compter comptant
compter comptèrent
compter comptée
compter compté
compter compterait
compter comptaient
compter comptes
compter comptées
compter comptait
compter comptons
compter compteront
compter comptent
compter compte
compter compta
compter comptez
compter comptera
compter comptés
compter compter
entrer entrées
entrer entreront
entrer entrez
entrer entrons
entrer entrerait
entrer entreraient
entrer entraient
entrer entre
entrer entrée
entrer entré
entrer entrés
entrer entrent
entrer entrer
entrer entrant
entrer entrèrent
entrer entrera
entrer entra
entrer entrait
force força
force forcent
force forcée
force forcé
force forces
force forcés
force force
force forcer
diriger dirigera
diriger dirigèrent
diriger dirige
diriger dirigé
diriger dirigeait
diriger dirigeants
diriger dirigeant
diriger dirigée
diriger diriger
diriger dirigerez
diriger dirigés
diriger dirigeraient
diriger dirigerait
diriger dirigea
diriger dirigeante
diriger dirigent
diriger dirigées
diriger dirigeantes
soutenir soutenait
soutenir soutenus
soutenir soutenu
soutenir soutenues
soutenir soutiendront
soutenir soutenir
soutenir soutiendra
soutenir soutint
soutenir soutenue
soutenir soutiennent
soutenir soutenaient
soutenir soutiendrait
soutenir soutenez
soutenir soutiens
soutenir soutenons
soutenir soutenant
soutenir soutient
soutenir soutien
soutenir soutienne
livre livrés
livre livrer
livre livrée
livre livres
livre livrées
livre livre
livre livrant
livre livra
livre livré
livre livrent
livre livrait
rencontrer rencontrèrent
rencontrer rencontrés
rencontrer rencontrait
rencontrer rencontrez
rencontrer rencontres
rencontrer rencontrons
rencontrer rencontrent
rencontrer rencontrer
rencontrer rencontreront
rencontrer rencontraient
rencontrer rencontrerait
rencontrer rencontré
rencontrer rencontra
rencontrer rencontrées
rencontrer rencontrant
rencontrer rencontre
rencontrer rencontrée
rencontrer rencontrera
élire élues
élire élisent
élire élus
élire élit
élire élue
élire élu
élire élisant
élire élisait
élire élire
siège siège
siège sièges
siège siégeaient
siège siégeant
siège siègent
entreprise entrepris
entreprise entreprendre
entreprise entreprennent
entreprise entreprise
entreprise entreprises
entreprise entreprit
entreprise entreprend
recherche rechercher
recherche recherché
recherche recherchaient
recherche recherche
recherche recherchent
recherche recherchée
recherche recherches
recherche recherchés
attaque attaques
attaque attaquent
attaque attaqués
attaque attaquée
attaque attaqua
attaque attaque
attaque attaquer
attaque attaqué
attaque attaquèrent
attaque attaquaient
attaque attaquait
arriver arrivera
arriver arrivèrent
arriver arriveront
arriver arrivait
arriver arrivant
arriver arrivants
arriver arrivaient
arriver arrivés
arriver arriva
arriver arriverait
arriver arrivées
arriver arriveraient
arriver arrivions
arriver arrivée
arriver arrivent
arriver arrive
arriver arriverai
arriver arriver
arriver arrivons
arriver arrivé
reprendre reprenait
reprendre reprise
reprendre reprenant
reprendre reprendra
reprendre reprirent
reprendre reprennent
reprendre reprendrons
reprendre reprises
reprendre reprends
reprendre reprendrait
reprendre reprit
reprendre repris
reprendre reprend
reprendre reprendre
reprendre reprendront
date dater
date dates
date datés
date datant
date dataient
date datent
date datées
date date
date daté
date datée
date dateraient
mesure mesurée
mesure mesures
mesure mesurant
mesure mesure
mesure mesurés
mesure mesuré
mesure mesurer
mesure mesurées
épouse épousée
épouse épouse
épouse épousant
épouse épousa
épouse épouser
épouse épouses
épouse épousé
épouse épousera
charger chargers
charger chargée
charger chargés
charger chargé
charger charge
charger chargées
charger chargent
charger charges
charger chargera
charger charger
charger chargèrent
charger chargeant
charger chargea
charger chargeraient
charger chargeait
commander commandé
commander commandera
commander commander
commander commandent
commander commandait
commander commande
commander commandant
commander commandés
commander commanda
commander commandaient
commander commandes
commander commandée
commander commanderai
commander commandées
commander commandants
commander commanderait
demander demandaient
demander demandait
demander demandez
demander demandant
demander demanderons
demander demander
demander demande
demander demandes
demander demandent
demander demandés
demander demandée
demander demandé
demander demandèrent
demander demanderais
demander demandées
demander demandons
demander demanda
demander demanderont
demander demandera
demander demandais
demander demanderait
aide aide
aide aider
aide aidées
aide aident
aide aides
aide aidée
aide aidant
aide aidés
aide aidera
aide aidait
aide aidé
marquer marques
marquer marquant
marquer marquèrent
marquer marque
marquer marquent
marquer marqua
marquer marquée
marquer marqueront
marquer marquerait
marquer marqué
marquer marquer
marquer marquait
marquer marqués
marquer marquées
marquer marquera
découvrir découvrir
découvrir découvrit
découvrir découverts
découvrir découvrira
découvrir découvrent
découvrir découvrirent
découvrir découvertes
découvrir découvriront
découvrir découverte
découvrir découvrant
découvrir découvre
découvrir découvrez
découvrir découvert
annoncer annoncant
annoncer annoncèrent
annoncer annoncera
annoncer annonces
annoncer annoncerait
annoncer annonçant
annoncer annoncées
annoncer annoncée
annoncer annoncé
annoncer annonçait
annoncer annonceraient
annoncer annoncés
annoncer annoncent
annoncer annoncer
annoncer annonce
annoncer annonça
coupe couper
coupe coupe
coupe coupée
coupe coupes
coupe coupé
coupe coupés
coupe coupaient
tenir tiendra
tenir tenues
tenir tient
tenir tienne
tenir tiens
tenir tenants
tenir tenaient
tenir tenir
tenir tiendront
tenir tenez
tenir tiendrait
tenir tenue
tenir tenus
tenir tenait
tenir tiennent
tenir tint
tenir tiendrons
tenir tenant
tenir tenu
tenir tinrent
élever élevèrent
élever élèves
élever élevaient
élever élèvent
élever éleva
élever élève
élever élever
élever éleve
élever élevent
élever élevé
élever élevés
élever élevant
élever élevait
élever élevée
élever élevées
revenir revenus
revenir revienne
revenir reviendrais
revenir revint
revenir revenues
revenir reviendrait
revenir reviennent
revenir revenu
revenir reviendront
revenir revenants
revenir revenaient
revenir revinrent
revenir reviendra
revenir revenons
revenir revenait
revenir revient
revenir revenue
revenir revenant
revenir revenir
traiter traiteraient
traiter traita
traiter traitait
traiter traite
traiter traitent
traiter traiter
traiter traités
traiter traitez
traiter traitera
traiter traitées
traiter traitons
traiter traitant
traiter traité
traiter traiteront
traiter traitée
critique critiquée
critique critiques
critique critiqué
critique critiquant
critique critiquent
critique critique
combat combats
combat combat
combat combattus
combat combattu
combat combattit
combat combattre
combat combattants
combat combattait
combat combattue
combat combattant
cause causé
cause causant
cause causent
cause causés
cause causée
cause causes
cause causées
cause causa
cause causer
cause cause
signer signeront
signer signera
signer signés
signer signa
signer signèrent
signer signeraient
signer signer
signer signes
signer signent
signer signait
signer signe
signer signées
signer signée
signer signerait
signer signant
signer signé
contrôle contrôlés
contrôle contrôlé
contrôle contrôlée
contrôle contrôlant
contrôle contrôler
contrôle contrôlées
contrôle contrôles
contrôle contrôlera
contrôle contrôle
contrôle contrôlent
habitant habiter
habitant habitant
habitant habitent
habitant habitantes
habitant habité
habitant habitées
habitant habitants
habitant habitante
habitant habitaient
habitant habite
habitant habitée
marché marchait
marché marchant
marché marches
marché marché
marché marchaient
marché marchés
marché marche
marché marcher
marché marchez
marché marchées
contenir contint
contenir contiennent
contenir contenaient
contenir contenir
contenir contenant
contenir contient
contenir contenues
contenir contenue
contenir contiendrait
contenir contenait
contenir contenus
contenir contienne
contenir contiendra
contenir contenu
arrêter arrêtent
arrêter arrêtons
arrêter arrêter
arrêter arrêtait
arrêter arrêté
arrêter arrêta
arrêter arrêtées
arrêter arrêtez
arrêter arrêterait
arrêter arrêtèrent
arrêter arrêtée
arrêter arrêtera
arrêter arrêteraient
arrêter arrêtant
arrêter arrête
arrêter arrêtés
figurer figurer
figurer figureront
figurer figurées
figurer figuré
figurer figurants
figurer figurés
figurer figurerait
figurer figurera
figurer figurent
figurer figuraient
figurer figures
figurer figurée
figurer figurant
figurer figurante
figurer figure
figurer figurait
conduire conduite
conduire conduits
conduire conduisait
conduire conduites
conduire conduire
conduire conduirait
conduire conduiront
conduire conduisit
conduire conduise
conduire conduit
conduire conduisaient
conduire conduisent
conduire conduira
conduire conduisant
conseiller conseillée
conseiller conseilla
conseiller conseillés
conseiller conseillé
conseiller conseillers
conseiller conseillera
conseiller conseiller
conseiller conseille
conseiller conseillères
conseiller conseillait
conseiller conseillent
conseiller conseillère
conseiller conseillant
conseiller conseillerait
tourner tourner
tourner tournât
tourner tournant
tourner tourné
tourner tournerait
tourner tournés
tourner tournée
tourner tournera
tourner tournèrent
tourner tourneront
tourner tournerai
tourner tournent
tourner tournaient
tourner tourna
tourner tourne
tourner tourneraient
tourner tournait
tourner tournées
offrir offrant
offrir offerte
offrir offrir
offrir offrait
offrir offrent
offrir offir
offrir offrit
offrir offre
offrir offriront
offrir offrirait
offrir offrirent
offrir offerts
offrir offres
offrir offert
offrir offraient
offrir offertes
offrir offrira
pratique pratiquer
pratique pratiquants
pratique pratiquées
pratique pratiqués
pratique pratiqué
pratique pratiques
pratique pratiquaient
pratique pratiquée
pratique pratiquant
pratique pratique
enseigner enseigne
enseigner enseigné
enseigner enseignée
enseigner enseignèrent
enseigner enseignes
enseigner enseignent
enseigner enseignera
enseigner enseignant
enseigner enseignées
enseigner enseignante
enseigner enseignants
enseigner enseignait
enseigner enseignaient
enseigner enseigner
enseigner enseigna
enseigner enseignés
voyage voyageait
voyage voyager
voyage voyagé
voyage voyagent
voyage voyagea
voyage voyageaient
voyage voyageant
voyage voyages
voyage voyage
accueil accueillis
accueil accueillir
accueil accueillit
accueil acceuil
accueil accueillies
accueil accueil
accueil accueillent
accueil accueille
accueil accueillera
accueil accueilli
accueil accueillait
associer associers
associer associés
associer associait
associer associa
associer associent
associer associées
associer associera
associer associèrent
associer associée
associer associé
associer associer
associer associant
associer associe
noter notées
noter notera
noter note
noter notez
noter nota
noter notait
noter notèrent
noter notaient
noter notent
noter notés
noter notée
noter notes
noter noté
noter notant
noter noter
noter notons
assemblée assemblés
assemblée assemblée
assemblée assemblées
vote vote
vote votent
vote voté
vote votée
vote voter
vote votons
vote vota
vote voteront
vote votes
juge juges
juge jugeaient
juge jugent
juge juge
juge juger
juge jugeant
juge jugé
juge jugeait
juge jugées
juge jugée
juge jugés
juge jugea
limite limiter
limite limité
limite limités
limite limite
limite limites
limite limiteront
limite limitée
limite limitent
limite limitant
limite limitées
limite limitait
plante plantes
plante plante
plante planter
plante planté
plante plantée
tomber tomba
tomber tombées
tomber tombaient
tomber tombèrent
tomber tombés
tomber tombe
tomber tombé
tomber tombée
tomber tombant
tomber tombera
tomber tombes
tomber tomber
tomber tombent
tomber tombait
tomber tomberait
tomber tomberont
peuple peupler
peuple peuple
peuple peuples
peuple peuplée
peuple peuplés
peuple peuplent
peuple peuplé
visite visitent
visite visites
visite visite
visite visitant
visite visité
visite visita
visite visitée
visite visiter
qualifier qualifieront
qualifier qualifient
qualifier qualifiant
qualifier qualifiait
qualifier qualifiée
qualifier qualifiés
qualifier qualifièrent
qualifier qualifiées
qualifier qualifié
qualifier qualifiera
qualifier qualifia
qualifier qualifier
qualifier qualifie
penser pensées
penser pensée
penser penser
penser pensera
penser pensé
penser pensait
penser pensaient
penser pensais
penser pension
penser penserais
penser pensés
penser pensant
penser pensent
penser pensons
penser pensez
penser pensions
penser pensa
penser penserait
penser pense
fermer ferment
fermer fermé
fermer fermant
fermer fermerait
fermer fermés
fermer ferme
fermer fermera
fermer fermer
fermer fermait
fermer fermée
fermer fermaient
fermer fermées
fermer fermes
fermer ferma
lutte lutté
lutte luttes
lutte lutte
lutte lutter
lutte luttant
citer citée
citer citant
citer cita
citer citera
citer citait
citer citerons
citer citèrent
citer cités
citer citent
citer cité
citer cite
citer citer
citer citées
citer citerait
citer citons
tirer tiraient
tirer tire
tirer tirés
tirer tirèrent
tirer tirer
tirer tira
tirer tirerai
tirer tirera
tirer tirent
tirer tirant
tirer tirée
tirer tirait
tirer tirerait
tirer tirez
tirer tiré
tirer tirées
réserver réservés
réserver réserver
réserver réservait
réserver réservant
réserver réservent
réserver réserve
réserver réservé
réserver réserves
réserver réservées
réserver réservée
traverser traverser
traverser traversé
traverser traverses
traverser traverseraient
traverser traversée
traverser traversent
traverser traverserait
traverser traverse
traverser traversés
traverser traversait
traverser traversera
traverser traversa
traverser traversant
traverser traversées
traverser traversèrent
traverser traversaient
opposer opposerait
opposer opposeront
opposer opposants
opposer opposera
opposer opposée
opposer oppose
opposer opposés
opposer opposer
opposer opposait
opposer opposant
opposer opposa
opposer opposées
opposer opposeraient
opposer opposé
opposer opposent
opposer opposèrent
étendre étendu
étendre étend
étendre étendant
étendre étendra
étendre étendues
étendre étendue
étendre étendait
étendre étendrait
étendre étendit
étendre étende
étendre étendent
étendre étendus
étendre étendre
marier marier
marier mariant
marier mariés
marier mariera
marier marié
marier marièrent
marier marieront
marier maria
marier marient
marier mariée
marier mariées
marier marie
employer employées
employer emploie
employer employée
employer employer
employer employés
employer employait
employer employé
employer emploiera
employer employant
employer employa
monter montait
monter montèrent
monter montée
monter monté
monter montants
monter monta
monter montent
monter monteront
monter monte
monter montera
monter montées
monter monter
monter montés
monter montant
monter montaient
garder gardée
garder gardé
garder gardant
garder gardons
garder gardaient
garder gardez
garder gardées
garder garderont
garder garda
garder gardait
garder garder
garder gardera
garder garderait
garder gardèrent
garder garde
garder gardes
garder gardent
garder gardés
revue revoir
revue reverront
revue revues
revue revu
revue revus
revue revue
revue revoit
saint st
saint st.
saint saints
saint saint
saint sainte
saint saintes
savoir savent
savoir savoirs
savoir savaient
savoir savez
savoir saura
savoir savais
savoir sait
savoir savoir
savoir savait
savoir savons
savoir sache
savoir seu
savoir savions
savoir sachant
savoir su
savoir sachez
savoir saurait
savoir sais
inviter invite
inviter invitant
inviter invita
inviter invitée
inviter invitent
inviter invitées
inviter invitait
inviter inviteront
inviter invité
inviter inviter
inviter invitera
inviter invités
enquête enquêté
enquête enquêtes
enquête enquêter
enquête enquête
sens sentait
sens sentent
sens sentie
sens sentira
sens sentir
sens sens
sens sentons
sens senti
sens sentant
sens sentit
sens sent
maintenir maintenu
maintenir maintenues
maintenir maintenus
maintenir maintenant
maintenir maintiendra
maintenir maintienne
maintenir maintien
maintenir maintenaient
maintenir maintient
maintenir maintiendrait
maintenir maintenir
maintenir maintint
maintenir maintenait
maintenir maintenue
maintenir maintiennent
couronner couronnèrent
couronner couronné
couronner couronnera
couronner couronne
couronner couronna
couronner couronnée
couronner couronnant
couronner couronnés
couronner couronnent
couronner couronnées
couronner couronner
patrouille patrouilles
patrouille patrouille
patrouille patrouiller
poser posait
poser posa
poser poser
poser posons
poser posés
poser posèrent
poser posée
poser posant
poser posera
poser posées
poser posez
poser posé
poser poserait
poser posent
poser pose
manquer manque
manquer manqua
manquer manqué
manquer manquaient
manquer manquant
manquer manquèrent
manquer manqués
manquer manquait
manquer manqueront
manquer manquer
manquer manquée
manquer manquées
manquer manquera
manquer manquerait
manquer manquent
interpréter interprétent
interpréter interpréte
interpréter interpréta
interpréter interpréter
interpréter interprétée
interpréter interprète
interpréter interprètent
interpréter interprètes
interpréter interprétés
interpréter interprétait
interpréter interprétèrent
interpréter interprétant
interpréter interprété
interpréter interprétées
interpréter interprétera
analyse analyse
analyse analysé
analyse analyser
analyse analysent
analyse analysés
analyse analyses
remettre remises
remettre remis
remettre remettra
remettre remettant
remettre remettait
remettre remettrait
remettre remettent
remettre remit
remettre remettront
remettre remettre
remettre remette
remettre remet
remettre remise
avancer avancent
avancer avancée
avancer avancer
avancer avançait
avancer avancés
avancer avança
avancer avancé
avancer avançant
avancer avancèrent
avancer avance
avancer avances
avancer avancerait
avancer avancées
partager partagée
partager partage
partager partager
partager partageront
partager partagea
partager partagé
partager partagera
partager partagés
partager partagent
partager partageait
partager partageant
partager partagées
partager partagez
échange échanger
échange échange
échange échanges
échange échangées
échange échangent
échange échangé
échange échangés
menacer menacées
menacer menaça
menacer menaces
menacer menace
menacer menacé
menacer menaçait
menacer menaçant
menacer menacent
menacer menacée
menacer menacer
menacer menacera
menacer menaceront
menacer menacés
menacer menacerait
financer financent
financer finances
financer finançant
financer finançait
financer financeraient
financer financer
financer financée
financer financés
financer financera
financer finance
financer financé
financer financerait
financer finança
financer financées
couvrir couvraient
couvrir couverts
couvrir couvrit
couvrir couvertes
couvrir couvre
couvrir couvrent
couvrir couvriraient
couvrir couverte
couvrir couvrir
couvrir couvrait
couvrir couvrirent
couvrir couvrant
couvrir couvert
couvrir couvrira
approche approches
approche approcha
approche approchés
approche approcher
approche approche
approche approchait
approche approché
approche approchant
militant militantes
militant militante
militant militant
militant milite
militant militants
militant militer
faille fallut
faille faille
faille faut
faille fallait
faille fallu
faille faudra
faille faudrait
faille failles
règle réglée
règle réglé
règle régler
règle règles
règle règle
accuser accusées
accuser accusé
accuser accusa
accuser accuse
accuser accusée
accuser accusés
accuser accusèrent
accuser accuser
accuser accusent
accuser accusait
accuser accusant
toucher touchent
toucher touchant
toucher touché
toucher touches
toucher touchait
toucher toucher
toucher touchés
toucher touchée
toucher toucheraient
toucher touche
toucher toucheront
toucher toucha
toucher toucherait
toucher touchées
détenir détiennent
détenir détient
détenir détenir
détenir détenu
détenir détenaient
détenir détenant
détenir détint
détenir détiendra
détenir détienne
détenir détiendront
détenir détenait
détenir détenue
détenir détenus
détenir détenues
restaurant restaurées
restaurant restaurée
restaurant restaurants
restaurant restaure
restaurant restaurer
restaurant restauré
restaurant restaurant
lieutenant lieutenants
lieutenant lieutenant
parcours parcourt
parcours parcourir
parcours parcourue
parcours parcourant
parcours parcours
parcours parcourus
parcours parcouru
allier alliés
allier allient
allier alliées
allier allié
allier allia
allier allie
allier allier
allier alliée
gérer géra
gérer gérait
gérer gérée
gérer gérés
gérer gérant
gérer gère
gérer gérer
gérer gérées
gérer gèrent
gérer gérante
gérer gérera
gérer gérants
gérer géré
correspondre correspondra
correspondre correspondrait
correspondre correspondaient
correspondre correspondant
correspondre correspondantes
correspondre correspondre
correspondre correspondante
correspondre correspond
correspondre correspondent
correspondre correspondait
correspondre correspondu
correspondre corresponde
capturer capturés
capturer capturent
capturer captura
capturer captureraient
capturer capturé
capturer capture
capturer captureront
capturer capturer
capturer capturant
capturer capturées
capturer capturée
capturer capturèrent
capturer capturait
blessé blessé
blessé blessés
blessé blesse
blessé blessées
rentrer rentrera
rentrer rentreront
rentrer rentrait
rentrer rentrées
rentrer rentrée
rentrer rentre
rentrer rentrés
rentrer rentra
rentrer rentrant
rentrer rentrent
rentrer rentrais
rentrer rentraient
rentrer rentré
rentrer rentrer
rentrer rentrèrent
diplômé diplômée
diplômé diplômé
diplômé diplômés
diplômé diplômées
fabriquer fabriquera
fabriquer fabriquée
fabriquer fabrique
fabriquer fabriquait
fabriquer fabriqueront
fabriquer fabriquées
fabriquer fabriquent
fabriquer fabriquant
fabriquer fabriqué
fabriquer fabriquaient
fabriquer fabriquer
fabriquer fabriqua
fabriquer fabriqués
héritier héritant
héritier hérite
héritier héritiers
héritier hérité
héritier hériter
héritier héritier
héritier hérités
héritier héritera
héritier héritière
héritier héritières
renommer renommer
renommer renommées
renommer renomme
renommer renommés
renommer renomment
renommer renommée
renommer renommant
renommer renommé
renommer renommera
règne régnait
règne règnes
règne régna
règne régner
règne règne
règne régnera
règne régnaient
règne régné
risque risquent
risque risquerait
risque risque
risque risquons
risque risques
risque risquée
risque risquer
statue statué
statue statuer
statue statue
statue statues
lire lis
lire lisait
lire lu
lire lisent
lire lut
lire lisaient
lire lisant
lire lit
lire lira
lire lirait
lire lus
lire lire
lire lires
lire lue
plonger plongée
plonger plongea
plonger plonger
plonger plongés
plonger plongé
plonger plongeait
plonger plongent
plonger plonge
plonger plongeant
plonger plongées
courant court
courant courue
courant courante
courant courant
courant couru
courant courts
courant courir
courant courants
descendre descendus
descendre descend
descendre descendue
descendre descendues
descendre descendait
descendre descends
descendre descendants
descendre descendrait
descendre descendu
descendre descendit
descendre descendent
descendre descendre
descendre descendant
peindre peindre
peindre peindra
peindre peintes
peindre peignit
peindre peignant
peindre peignent
peindre peinte
peindre peignait
peindre peint
peindre peints
chasse chasses
chasse chasse
chasse chassent
chasse chassait
chasse chasser
chasse chassée
chasse chassé
chasse chassées
chasse chassés
relever relève
relever relevaient
relever relevés
relever relèvent
relever relevée
relever relevées
relever relevant
relever releva
relever relevé
relever relever
relever relevait
remarquer remarquent
remarquer remarques
remarquer remarquèrent
remarquer remarquer
remarquer remarquerez
remarquer remarqua
remarquer remarqué
remarquer remarquée
remarquer remarquées
remarquer remarque
remarquer remarqués
remarquer remarquait
remarquer remarquera
disparaître disparues
disparaître disparaîtront
disparaître disparue
disparaître disparaisse
disparaître disparus
disparaître disparait
disparaître disparaîtra
disparaître disparaissait
disparaître disparaître
disparaître disparut
disparaître disparaissent
disparaître disparu
disparaître disparaît
disparaître disparaissant
disparaître disparaitre
maîtriser maîtrisèrent
maîtriser maîtrise
maîtriser maîtrisent
maîtriser maîtrisant
maîtriser maîtrisée
maîtriser maîtrisait
maîtriser maîtrisé
maîtriser maîtrisées
maîtriser maîtriser
danse danses
danse danse
photographie photographies
photographie photographie
photographie photographier
croire croyait
croire croyants
croire croître
croire croyais
croire croit
croire croira
croire croyaient
croire croyions
croire croisant
croire croyant
croire croissant
croire crois
croire croît
croire croyons
croire croyez
croire croire
croire croissants
croire croisait
croire croient
fête fêtaient
fête fête
fête fêtent
fête fêtée
fête fêtes
fête fêté
frapper frapperont
frapper frappé
frapper frappés
frapper frappe
frapper frappent
frapper frappa
frapper frapperait
frapper frappait
frapper frappant
frapper frappaient
frapper frappées
frapper frappes
frapper frapper
frapper frappèrent
frapper frappée
pousser poussa
pousser poussés
pousser poussé
pousser poussées
pousser poussait
pousser poussera
pousser pousse
pousser pousseront
pousser poussent
pousser poussèrent
pousser pousser
pousser poussant
pousser pousseraient
pousser pousses
pousser pousserait
retenir retenant
retenir retenues
retenir retiendrait
retenir retenir
retenir retiendra
retenir retiennent
retenir retiens
retenir retint
retenir retient
retenir retinrent
retenir retienne
retenir retenait
retenir retenus
retenir retenu
retenir retenue
dériver dérive
dériver dérives
dériver dériveront
dériver dériver
dériver dérivée
dériver dérivés
dériver dérivé
dériver dérivées
dériver dériverait
dériver dérivent
dériver dérivant
chute chutant
chute chute
chute chutes
chute chuter
esprit esprits
esprit esprit
cible ciblés
cible cibler
cible cibles
cible ciblant
cible ciblent
cible cible
demeurer demeuré
demeurer demeura
demeurer demeurèrent
demeurer demeureront
demeurer demeurée
demeurer demeurera
demeurer demeurant
demeurer demeurées
demeurer demeurés
demeurer demeurait
demeurer demeure
demeurer demeuraient
demeurer demeurent
demeurer demeurer
manifester manifesteraient
manifester manifestait
manifester manifestaient
manifester manifesta
manifester manifestèrent
manifester manifester
manifester manifestants
manifester manifestée
manifester manifesterait
manifester manifeste
manifester manifestera
manifester manifestant
manifester manifestés
manifester manifestent
manifester manifesté
manifester manifestées
lever lever
lever levés
lever levé
lever levèrent
lever levant
lever lèvent
lever levait
lever lève
lever leva
lever levée
lever levées
contraindre contraignait
contraindre contraintes
contraindre contraindre
contraindre contraint
contraindre contraignent
contraindre contraignit
contraindre contraignant
contraindre contrainte
contraindre contraints
issue issues
issue issue
issue issu
combiner combineraient
combiner combinée
combiner combinées
combiner combine
combiner combineront
combiner combiné
combiner combinera
combiner combinèrent
combiner combinent
combiner combinés
combiner combinant
combiner combinait
combiner combiner
attacher attachés
attacher attachent
attacher attacha
attacher attaché
attacher attache
attacher attachera
attacher attachait
attacher attachée
attacher attacher
attacher attachées
attacher attachant
précédent précède
précédent précédé
précédent précédent
précédent précédentes
précédent précédente
précédent précédant
précédent précédents
précédent précédée
précédent précèdent
doubler doublent
doubler doublera
doubler doublées
doubler doubler
doubler doublée
doubler doubla
doubler doublerait
doubler double
doubler doublés
doubler doublant
doubler doublé
réfugié réfugié
réfugié réfugier
réfugié réfugiant
réfugié réfugiés
réfugié réfugia
pointe pointé
pointe pointés
pointe pointes
pointe pointe
pointe pointant
adresse adressés
adresse adresse
adresse adressée
adresse adressent
adresse adresses
adresse adressa
adresse adresser
adresse adressé
verser versent
verser versées
verser versants
verser versée
verser versez
verser versé
verser versera
verser versa
verser verseront
verser verse
verser versés
verser versait
verser verser
verser versant
souvenir souvenir
souvenir souvint
souvenir souviendrait
souvenir souviens
souvenir souvenait
souvenir souvenirs
souvenir souvenus
souvenir souviennent
souvenir souvenons
souvenir souvienne
souvenir souvenant
souvenir souvenu
souvenir souviendra
souvenir souvenue
souvenir souvient
coordonner coordonnant
coordonner coordonnés
coordonner coordonnée
coordonner coordonnait
coordonner coordonnées
coordonner coordonner
coordonner coordonnent
coordonner coordonne
coordonner coordonné
coordonner coordonneraient
afficher affichant
afficher afficher
afficher affichait
afficher affiche
afficher affichent
afficher affichée
afficher affichées
afficher affichés
afficher affiches
afficher affiché
afficher affichera
mélange mélangé
mélange mélanges
mélange mélanger
mélange mélangeant
mélange mélangeaient
mélange mélange
garantie garantie
garantie garantir
garantie garantit
garantie garantissait
garantie garantira
garantie garanti
garantie garanties
garantie garantis
garantie garantissent
garantie garantissant
procédé procéder
procédé procédés
procédé procéda
procédé procède
procédé procédé
faciliter facilitent
faciliter facilitée
faciliter facilitait
faciliter facilitées
faciliter facilités
faciliter facilitant
faciliter faciliteraient
faciliter facilité
faciliter faciliterait
faciliter facilite
faciliter facilitera
faciliter faciliter
animer animer
animer animée
animer animant
animer animera
animer animerait
animer anima
animer animèrent
animer animait
animer anime
animer animées
animer animés
animer animent
animer animé
expert experte
expert experts
expert expertes
expert expert
céder cédées
céder céda
céder cédé
céder cédés
céder cède
céder cédera
céder céderait
céder cèdera
céder céder
céder cédée
céder céderaient
céder cèdent
céder cédèrent
céder céde
céder cédant
extraire extrait
extraire extraite
extraire extrayant
extraire extraits
extraire extraire
extraire extraites
nécessité nécessités
nécessité nécessité
escorte escortes
escorte escorta
escorte escorté
escorte escorte
avis avisaient
avis avis
privilégier privilégié
privilégier privilégient
privilégier privilégier
privilégier privilégiant
privilégier privilégiait
privilégier privilégiés
privilégier privilèges
privilégier privilégiée
privilégier privilégiées
privilégier privilège
privilégier privilégia
privilégier privilégie
prétendre prétendue
prétendre prétendre
prétendre prétendait
prétendre prétend
prétendre prétendants
prétendre prétendant
prétendre prétendent
prétendre prétendit
prétendre prétendu
prétendre prétendus
saisir saisissait
saisir saisis
saisir saisit
saisir saisira
saisir saisies
saisir saisir
saisir saisi
saisir saisissent
saisir saisissant
saisir saisirent
saisir saisie
divorcer divorceront
divorcer divorcer
divorcer divorcée
divorcer divorces
divorcer divorcés
divorcer divorcent
divorcer divorcèrent
divorcer divorcé
divorcer divorçant
divorcer divorce
veiller veillées
veiller veillent
veiller veillait
veiller veillant
veiller veille
veiller veillé
veiller veillera
veiller veiller
veiller veillèrent
délégué délégué
délégué déléguées
délégué déléguer
délégué déléguée
délégué délégués
collecte collecte
collecte collectes
collecte collecter
collecte collectant
prêt prêt
prêt prêts
prêt prêtes
prêt prêtaient
récompense récompense
récompense récompenses
priver priver
priver privée
priver prive
priver privait
priver priveraient
priver priva
priver privé
priver privés
priver privant
priver privent
priver privées
supporter supportait
supporter supportèrent
supporter supporté
supporter supportons
supporter supporteront
supporter supporte
supporter supportés
supporter supporters
supporter supporterait
supporter supporter
supporter supportant
supporter supportées
supporter supportent
supporter supporteurs
supporter supportée
bâtir bâtit
bâtir bâtirent
bâtir bâtissant
bâtir bâtis
bâtir bâtira
bâtir bâties
bâtir bâtirai
bâtir bâtissent
bâtir bâti
bâtir bâtir
bâtir bâtie
baisse baisses
baisse baissé
baisse baisser
baisse baisse
rêve rêver
rêve rêves
rêve rêve
rêve rêvait
désir désire
désir désirant
désir désires
désir désirait
désir désir
désir désirs
désir désirent
désir désirer
désir désiraient
loge loge
loge loges
loge loger
loge logés
loge logeait
communiquer communiqué
communiquer communiqués
communiquer communiqua
communiquer communiquée
communiquer communique
communiquer communiquer
communiquer communiquant
communiquer communiquent
communiquer communiquées
mériter mérité
mériter mériter
mériter méritent
mériter mériterait
mériter méritait
mériter méritèrent
mériter méritée
mériter mérita
mériter mérités
mériter méritaient
mériter mérite
annexe annexé
annexe annexe
annexe annexant
annexe annexée
annexe annexes
écoute écoutant
écoute écoutent
écoute écoutez
écoute écouté
écoute écoute
écoute écoutes
écoute écouter
percer percent
percer perce
percer percés
percer percera
percer percé
percer percées
percer perçant
percer percer
percer percée
croiser croisèrent
croiser croisent
croiser croisés
croiser croiser
croiser croisées
croiser croisera
croiser croise
croiser croisé
croiser croiseront
croiser croisant
suicider suicida
suicider suicide
suicider suicidée
suicider suicides
suicider suicidé
suicider suicider
tranchée tranché
tranchée tranches
tranchée tranche
tranchée tranchée
tranchée trancher
tranchée tranchées
attaquant attaquant
attaquant attaquante
attaquant attaquants
aperçu aperçu
aperçu aperçus
récolter récoltée
récolter récoltés
récolter récolter
récolter récoltées
récolter récolté
récolter récoltant
récolter récoltent
récolter récoltait
récolter récolta
récolter récolte
tracé tracé
tracé tracée
tracé tracés
travailliste travaillistes
travailliste travailliste
ressort ressortie
ressort ressorts
ressort ressort
ressort ressorti
relancer relança
relancer relancées
relancer relancé
relancer relancent
relancer relancés
relancer relancer
relancer relance
relancer relancée
relancer relançant
inverse inverses
inverse inversé
inverse inverser
inverse inverse
inverse inversées
résistant résistant
résistant résistantes
résistant résistante
résistant résistants
abréger abrégés
abréger abréger
abréger abrégé
abréger abrégée
d d
d ds
curé curé
curé curés
passionné passionné
passionné passionnés
passionné passionnée
passionné passionnent
évader évadée
évader évaderont
évader évadé
évader évadées
évader évade
évader évader
évader évadés
évader évada
consultant consultante
consultant consultants
consultant consultant
conjoint conjoints
conjoint conjoint
conjoint conjointe
conjoint conjointes
repère repères
repère repère
mêlée mêlés
mêlée mêle
mêlée mêlée
mêlée mêlant
mêlée mêlé
mêlée mêlent
coucher couchés
coucher couchée
coucher coucherait
coucher coucher
coucher couchant
coucher couché
coucher couchées
contraste contraste
contraste contrastent
contraste contrastes
remontée remontée
remontée remontées
clore clôt
clore clore
clore clos
clore close
clore closent
compromis compromis
compromis compromettre
épargner épargne
épargner épargnera
épargner épargnent
épargner épargnés
épargner épargner
épargner épargnées
épargner épargnée
épargner épargnèrent
épargner épargné
épargner épargna
épargner épargnant
poussée poussées
poussée poussée
designer designer
designer designé
designer designers
solde solde
solde soldèrent
solde solda
solde soldes
juré jurés
juré juré
juré jurent
juré jure
excuser excuses
excuser excuse
excuser excusent
excuser excusez
excuser excusée
excuser excuser
excuser excusés
excuser excusé
excuser excusant
glisser glissant
glisser glissés
glisser glissées
glisser glisser
glisser glisse
glisser glissent
glisser glissé
débutant débutantes
débutant débutant
débutant débutants
débutant débutante
