nemen nam
nemen name
nemen naam
nemen namen
nemen nemend
nemen nomen
nemen nemende
nemen neemt
nemen neem
nemen nemen
nemen genomen
staan staande
staan stonden
staan staan
staan staand
staan staten
staan gestaan
staan staatjes
staan sta
staan stond
staan staat
staan state
zijn geweest
zijn wezens
zijn zijne
zijn zij
zijn wezentje
zijn zijnde
zijn zijden
zijn wezen
zijn zijn
zijn was
zijn waart
zijn is
zijn ben
zijn wijzen
zijn waren
zijn gewezen
zijn zijns
zijn ware
zijn wees
zijn wijst
deel deelen
deel delen
deel deelden
deel deeltjes
deel deels
deel gedeeld
deel deelde
deel deel
deel deelt
deel gedeelde
deel deler
deel deeltje
plaats plaatsen
plaats plaats
plaats plaatse
plaats plaatsje
plaats plaatst
plaats plaatsjes
plaats plaatser
plaats geplaatste
plaats geplaatst
plaats geplaatsten
plaats plaatste
vormen vormen
vormen vormt
vormen gevormd
vormen vorm
vormen vormden
vormen vormend
vormen gevormde
vormen vormende
vormen vormde
beginnen beginnen
beginnen begon
beginnen begint
beginnen begin
beginnen begonnen
beginnen beginnend
beginnen beginnende
werken werkten
werken gewerkt
werken werkende
werken werkte
werken werkenden
werken werken
werken werkt
werken werk
werken werkend
geven gevende
geven gaf
geven geeft
geven gaven
geven geef
geven gegeven
geven geven
geven geve
geven gevend
geven gegevens
geven gegevenen
vallen gevallenen
vallen viel
vallen valt
vallen geval
vallen vallen
vallen vallend
vallen val
vallen gevallen
vallen vielen
vallen vallende
spelen spelend
spelen gespeld
spelen spelen
spelen spelletje
spelen gespeelde
spelen speel
spelen spelden
spelen speelt
spelen speld
spelen speelden
spelen spel
spelen spelde
spelen spelt
spelen speelde
spelen gespeeld
spelen spelende
leven leventje
leven leve
leven laven
leven leefde
leven left
leven geleefd
leven levende
leven levens
leven leeft
leven levenden
leven leef
leven leven
leven leefden
leven levend
willen willen
willen wilden
willen wouden
willen wilt
willen wille
willen willt
willen gewilde
willen gewild
willen willetje
willen wou
willen wil
willen wilde
willen wils
lid leden
lid lijden
lid lid
lid geleden
lid lijdt
lid leed
lid lijdende
lopen lope
lopen lopend
lopen lopende
lopen loopt
lopen liepen
lopen gelopen
lopen lopen
lopen liep
lopen loop
keer gekeerd
keer keert
keer keren
keer keerden
keer keerde
keer keer
rijden rijtje
rijden reed
rijden rij
rijden rijd
rijden reden
rijden redenen
rijden rijdend
rijden rijdt
rijden rijdende
rijden rijen
rijden rijden
rijden gereden
boek boekje
boek boekten
boek boeke
boek boek
boek boeken
boek boekte
boek geboekt
boek boekjes
zetten zet
zetten opgezet
zetten gezette
zetten opgezette
zetten zette
zetten zetten
zetten opzetten
zetten gezet
geld geldt
geld gelds
geld gelden
geld geldend
geld gold
geld geld
geld gelde
geld geldende
onderzoek onderzocht
onderzoek onderzoek
onderzoek onderzoekt
onderzoek onderzochte
onderzoek onderzoeken
dood doodde
dood dood
dood doden
dood gedood
dood doodden
dood dode
dood doods
verliezen verloren
verliezen verliezend
verliezen verlies
verliezen verliezende
verliezen verloor
verliezen verliest
verliezen verliezen
besluiten besluiten
besluiten besloten
besluiten besluit
besluiten besloot
week weke
week geweken
week weeks
week wijk
week week
week weken
week wijken
week geweekt
vraag gevraagde
vraag vraagt
vraag vragen
vraag vraag
vraag gevraagd
vraag vroeg
vraag vroegen
zorgen zorgen
zorgen zorgende
zorgen zorgde
zorgen gezorgd
zorgen zorg
zorgen zorgt
zorgen zorgden
zorgen zorgend
overlijden overleed
overlijden overledenen
overlijden overlijden
overlijden overleden
overlijden overlijdt
overlijden overlijdens
slag slag
slag slagen
slag slaagde
slag slaagt
slag slaagden
slag geslaagd
lijken gelijkt
lijken lijkende
lijken leek
lijken geleken
lijken lijken
lijken lijkt
lijken lijk
lijken lijkend
lijken leken
kleur kleur
kleur kleuren
kleur kleurt
kleur kleurde
kleur gekleurde
kleur gekleurd
verschil verschillend
verschil verschilt
verschil verschilden
verschil verschilen
verschil verschillen
verschil verschil
weg weg
weg weegt
weg wegjes
weg wegen
weg woog
verkopen verkopende
verkopen verkocht
verkopen verkopend
verkopen verkoop
verkopen verkochte
verkopen verkoopt
verkopen verkopen
grens grenst
grens grenzen
grens grens
grens grenzend
grens grensden
grens grensde
plan plan
plan plannen
plan plande
plan plat
plan geplande
plan gepland
plan plantjes
tonen toonden
tonen toont
tonen getoonde
tonen toonde
tonen tonen
tonen toon
tonen getoond
denken denkt
denken dachten
denken denkend
denken gedachten
denken denk
denken gedacht
denken denken
denken dacht
denken gedenkt
denken denkende
steunen steunend
steunen steunende
steunen steunen
steunen steunde
steunen gesteunde
steunen gesteund
steunen steunden
steunen steun
steunen steunt
kenmerken kenmerkend
kenmerken kenmerkten
kenmerken kenmerken
kenmerken kenmerkende
kenmerken kenmerkte
kenmerken gekenmerkt
kenmerken kenmerkt
kenmerken kenmerk
ontwerpen ontworpen
ontwerpen ontwerp
ontwerpen ontwerpt
ontwerpen ontwierp
ontwerpen ontwerpen
verbond verbonden
verbond verbindt
verbond verbond
beeld beeld
beeld beeldden
beeld beeldje
beeld beeldt
beeld beelden
beeld beeldde
beeld beeldjes
optreden optreedt
optreden optredentje
optreden optredende
optreden optrad
optreden opgetreden
optreden optredend
optreden optreden
optreden optredens
bezitten bezittend
bezitten bezit
bezitten bezat
bezitten bezaten
bezitten bezitten
bezitten bezittende
bestuur bestuur
bestuur bestuurde
bestuur besturen
bestuur bestuurd
stem stemmen
stem stemt
stem stemde
stem stemden
stem gestemd
stem stem
openen geopend
openen opende
openen open
openen openden
openen opent
openen geopende
openen openen
strijd strijdt
strijd strijde
strijd gestreden
strijd strijd
strijd streden
strijd strijden
zoeken zoekende
zoeken zochten
zoeken zoeken
zoeken zoekend
zoeken zoekt
zoeken zoek
zoeken zocht
zoeken gezocht
leren geleerd
leren geleerden
leren leert
leren leerde
leren lerend
leren leerden
leren leer
leren leren
leren lerende
bezoek bezoekje
bezoek bezochten
bezoek bezocht
bezoek bezoekjes
bezoek bezoek
bezoek bezoekt
bezoek bezochte
bezoek bezoekende
bezoek bezoeken
merken merken
merken merk
merken gemerkt
merken merkten
merken merkt
merken merkte
vertrekken vertrokken
vertrekken vertrek
vertrekken vertrekkend
vertrekken vertrekkende
vertrekken vertrekken
vertrekken vertrok
vertrekken vertrekt
verslaan versloeg
verslaan versloegen
verslaan verslaan
verslaan verslag
verslaan verslonden
verslaan verslond
verslaan verslaat
verslaan verslagen
aanval aanvallen
aanval aanval
aanval aangevallen
aanval aanvallend
vluchten vluchten
vluchten vlucht
vluchten vluchtten
vluchten gevlucht
vluchten gevluchte
vluchten vluchtte
raad raden
raad raadt
raad raad
raad raadden
raad rade
raad raadde
reis reizend
reis reizende
reis reis
reis reisje
reis gereisd
reis reizen
reis reisde
reis reist
bedragen bedrag
bedragen bedroeg
bedragen bedroegen
bedragen bedragen
bedragen bedraagt
bedragen bedragend
starten gestart
starten startend
starten starten
starten start
starten startende
starten gestarte
starten startten
starten startte
tekenen tekent
tekenen tekenden
tekenen tekenend
tekenen teken
tekenen getekend
tekenen tekende
tekenen getekende
tekenen tekenen
prijs prijs
prijs prijst
prijs prijsjes
prijs prijzen
prijs geprezen
eten etend
eten eet
eten ette
eten gegeten
eten ist
eten at
eten eten
eten etende
eten etentje
eten et
geslacht geslachten
geslacht geslacht
verboden verboden
verboden verbood
verboden verbieden
verboden verbod
kosten kostende
kosten koste
kosten kostte
kosten gekost
kosten kosten
kosten kostten
kosten kost
graaf graven
graaf grafen
graaf graaf
stam stamt
stam stammen
stam stam
uitgeven uitgevende
uitgeven uitgegeven
uitgeven uitgeven
uitgeven uitgeeft
uitgeven uitgaven
uitgeven uitgave
uitgeven uitgaf
bewijzen bewijzen
bewijzen bewezen
bewijzen bewijzend
bewijzen bewijst
bewijzen bewijs
bewijzen bewees
gevaar varen
gevaar gevaren
gevaar vaart
gevaar gevaar
gevaar voer
verdrag verdraagt
verdrag verdrag
verdrag verdragen
stoppen stoppende
stoppen gestopte
stoppen stoppe
stoppen stopte
stoppen stopten
stoppen stopt
stoppen stop
stoppen stoppen
stoppen gestopt
steken staken
steken gestoken
steken stekende
steken gestekt
steken staakt
steken stak
steken steek
steken steken
steken stoken
steken gestaakt
steken steekt
geloven geloven
geloven gelooft
geloven geloof
geloven geloofde
kopen kochten
kopen koopt
kopen kocht
kopen gekopt
kopen koop
kopen gekocht
kopen kopen
voorstel voorstellen
voorstel voorstelt
voorstel voorgestelde
voorstel voorgesteld
voorstel voorstel
draaien gedraaid
draaien draaiend
draaien draait
draaien draaiden
draaien draaien
draaien draaide
draaien draaiende
draaien gedraaide
blad bladen
blad blad
blad bladeren
blad blaadjes
verspreiden verspreidt
verspreiden verspreide
verspreiden verspreiden
verspreiden verspreidde
verspreiden verspreid
verspreiden verspreidden
stappen stapten
stappen gestapt
stappen stapte
stappen stapt
stappen stap
stappen gestapte
stappen stappend
stappen stappende
stappen stappen
onderwerp onderworpen
onderwerp onderwerpen
onderwerp onderwerp
inzet inzette
inzet inzet
inzet ingezet
bond bonds
bond bindende
bond bond
bond bindt
bond binden
bond gebonden
bond bindend
bond bonden
eisen eist
eisen eis
eisen eisten
eisen eisen
eisen eiste
voet voeten
voet voet
voet voetje
voet voetjes
passen gepast
passen pasten
passen past
passen passend
passen paste
passen gepaste
passen pas
passen passen
passen passende
steen steen
steen stenen
steen steentjes
steen steentje
toren getoerd
toren toerden
toren torentje
toren torentjes
toren toert
toren getourd
toren tourde
toren toren
toren toerde
toren tourt
toren torens
zingen zong
zingen zingt
zingen gezongen
zingen zingen
zingen zingend
zingen zongen
zingen zingende
lezen lazen
lezen gelezen
lezen lezend
lezen lezen
lezen leest
lezen lezende
lezen las
lezen lees
vliegen vloog
vliegen vliegend
vliegen vliegen
vliegen vlogen
vliegen vliegende
vliegen gevlogen
vliegen vliegt
spoor spoorde
spoor spoor
spoor spoort
spoor sporen
spoor spoortje
verzet verzetje
verzet verzette
verzet verzetjes
verzet verzet
verzet verzetten
motorfietsen motorfietsen
vis vissen
vis vis
vis gevist
vis visjes
vis visje
vechten gevochten
vechten vecht
vechten vocht
vechten vechtend
vechten vechtende
vechten vechten
vechten vochten
brand branden
brand brander
brand brandden
brand brandende
brand gebrand
brand brandt
brand brandde
brand brand
geluid geluid
geluid geluidjes
geluid geluiden
zone zonen
zone zones
zone zone
bewaren bewaarden
bewaren bewaard
bewaren bewarend
bewaren bewaart
bewaren bewaren
bewaren bewaarde
bewaren bewaar
hertog hertogen
hertog hertog
bijdrage bijdragen
bijdrage bijdraagt
bijdrage bijdrages
bijdrage bijgedragen
bijdrage bijdrage
kunnen kon
kunnen kannen
kunnen kunt
kunnen ken
kunnen gekund
kunnen kunnen
kunnen kan
drukken gedrukt
drukken gedrukte
drukken drukt
drukken drukte
drukken drukten
drukken drukkende
drukken drukken
meten meten
meten metende
meten gemeten
meten meet
wensen wens
wensen gewenste
wensen wensen
wensen wenst
wensen gewenst
wensen wenste
wensen wensten
ronde ronde
ronde rond
ronde ronden
ronde rondje
ronde rondes
ronde ronde's
kijken gekeken
kijken kijken
kijken keken
kijken kijkt
kijken kijk
kijken kijkend
kijken keek
vermogen vermogens
vermogen vermogen
vermogen vermogenden
vermogen vermogende
vermogen vermogend
verleden verleden
verleden verledet
gezin gezinnen
gezin gezind
gezin gezin
gezin gezinde
district districten
district district
stromen stromen
stromen stromende
stromen stroomde
stromen stromend
stromen gestroomd
stromen stroomt
dalen dalen
dalen daalt
dalen dalende
dalen dalend
dalen daalde
dalen gedaald
dalen gedaalde
dalen daalden
schieten geschiet
schieten geschoten
schieten schot
schieten schiet
schieten schoten
schieten schietende
schieten schietend
schieten schoot
schieten schieten
hopen gehoopte
hopen hopende
hopen hopen
hopen gehoopt
hopen hoop
hopen hoopt
hopen hopend
hopen hoopte
gedicht gedichtjes
gedicht gedicht
gedicht gedichtje
gedicht gedichten
&amp &amp
verzoek verzocht
verzoek verzoekt
verzoek verzoek
verzoek verzoeken
danken dankt
danken gedankt
danken dankte
danken dankten
danken dank
danken danken
danken dankend
kampen kampt
kampen kampend
kampen kamp
kampen kampte
kampen kampten
kampen kampen
mislukken mislukkende
mislukken mislukten
mislukken mislukt
mislukken mislukte
mislukken mislukken
ontslag ontslag
ontslag ontslaan
ontslag ontslagen
kruis kruist
kruis gekruist
kruis kruisje
kruis kruisen
kruis kruisjes
kruis kruizen
kruis kruis
kruis kruiser
gas gassen
gas gas
gas gaasjes
gas gaze
bevel bevelen
bevel bevolen
bevel bevel
bevel beval
gevecht gevechten
gevecht gevecht
verenigen verenigd
verenigen verenigde
verenigen verenigden
verenigen verenigt
verenigen verenigen
verenigen verenigende
gewicht gewichtje
gewicht gewichten
gewicht gewicht
schatten schatte
schatten schatten
schatten geschat
schatten schat
schatten geschatte
achten achten
achten acht
achten achtten
achten achtte
achten geacht
grijpen grijpt
grijpen grepen
grijpen greep
grijpen gegrepen
grijpen grijpende
grijpen grijpen
bericht berichtten
bericht berichtte
bericht bericht
bericht berichten
wachten wachtte
wachten wachtten
wachten gewacht
wachten wachtende
wachten wacht
wachten wachtenden
wachten wachtend
wachten wachten
sport sport
sport sporten
sport sports
rust rustten
rust ruste
rust rust
rust rustte
rust rusten
straf straffe
straf gestraft
straf straf
straf straften
straf straffen
antwoord geantwoord
antwoord antwoordden
antwoord antwoordde
antwoord antwoorden
antwoord antwoord
antwoord antwoordt
trachten trachtten
trachten trachten
trachten getracht
trachten trachtte
trachten tracht
bewind bewind
organisme organismen
organisme organismes
organisme organisme
pers pers
pers geperste
pers geperst
pers perzen
pers persen
uitsterven uitstervend
uitsterven uitsterft
uitsterven uitstierf
uitsterven uitgestorven
uitsterven uitsterven
slaaf slaven
slaaf slaaf
vermoeden vermoed
vermoeden vermoeden
vermoeden vermoedt
vermoeden vermoedden
vermoeden vermoedde
vermoeden vermoedens
buigen buigen
buigen boog
buigen gebogen
buigen buigend
buigen buigt
ondergaan ondergaan
ondergaan ondergingen
ondergaan ondergegaan
ondergaan ondergaat
ondergaan onderging
glas glazen
glas glas
neef neefje
neef neef
neef neefjes
neef neven
missen mis
missen misten
missen mist
missen missend
missen gemiste
missen miste
missen missen
missen gemist
zoogdier zoogdier
zoogdier zoogdiertjes
zoogdier zoogdieren
schrift schriften
schrift schrift
pakken pakje
pakken pakketje
pakken pakt
pakken pak
pakken gepakt
pakken pakten
pakken pakkende
pakken pakketjes
pakken pakken
pakken pakte
geallieerde geallieerden
geallieerde geallieerde
fietsen fietsten
fietsen fietste
fietsen fietsen
fietsen fietsend
fietsen fietst
fietsen fietsende
fietsen fiets
fietsen gefietst
handelen gehandeld
handelen handelt
handelen handelen
handelen handelden
handelen handelend
handelen handelende
handelen handelde
stranden strand
stranden gestrande
stranden stranden
stranden gestrand
stranden strandden
stranden strandende
stranden strandt
stranden strandde
springen springend
springen springt
springen gesprongen
springen sprong
springen sprongen
springen springen
springen springende
getuige getuigde
getuige getuige
getuige getuigt
getuige getuigen
wiskunde wiskunde
vrezen gevreesd
vrezen vreesde
vrezen vrees
vrezen vreesden
vrezen vrezen
vrezen vreest
meer meren
meer meertje
meer meer
meer meertjes
meer meersen
legende legenden
legende legendes
legende legende
oproepen oproep
oproepen opgeroepen
oproepen oproept
oproepen oproepen
jagen jagende
jagen jagend
jagen jagen
jagen jaagde
jagen jaagden
jagen gejaagd
jagen joegen
jagen joeg
jagen jagt
jagen jaagt
wagen gewagen
wagen wagen
wagen wagentjes
wagen waagden
wagen gewaagd
wagen waag
wagen waagt
wagen wagentje
wagen waagde
wagen wagens
test test
test testten
test tests
test testen
spin spinnen
spin spins
spin spin
vertrouwen vertrouw
vertrouwen vertrouwen
vertrouwen vertrouwde
vertrouwen vertrouwende
vertrouwen vertrouwend
vertrouwen vertrouwden
vertrouwen vertrouwt
vertrouwen vertrouwd
zak gezakt
zak zakjes
zak zakt
zak zakje
zak zakken
zak zakte
zak zak
mond mondden
mond mondje
mond monden
mond mond
mond mondde
mond mondt
gewest gewesten
gewest gewest
slapen slapende
slapen sliep
slapen slaapt
slapen slapte
slapen slapend
slapen sliepen
slapen slaap
slapen geslapen
slapen slapen
twijfel twijfels
twijfel twijfelen
twijfel twijfelde
twijfel twijfel
twijfel getwijfeld
schuiven geschoven
schuiven schuift
schuiven schoof
schuiven schoven
schuiven schuif
schuiven schuiven
schuiven schuivende
duiken dook
duiken duiken
duiken duik
duiken doken
duiken duikt
ingrijpen ingreep
ingrijpen ingrepen
ingrijpen ingrijpt
ingrijpen ingegrepen
ingrijpen ingrijpen
ingrijpen ingrijpend
ingrijpen ingrijpende
diepte diepten
diepte diepte
diepte dieptes
verbergen verbergen
verbergen verbergt
verbergen verborgen
schild schilden
schild schildje
schild schildjes
schild schild
gen get
gen gens
gen gen
gen gene
gen genen
bediende bediendes
bediende bediende
bediende bedienden
bediende bediend
bediende bedienen
verwant verwante
verwant verwanten
verwant verwant
voorafgaan voorafgaan
voorafgaan voorafgaat
voorafgaan voorafgaand
voorafgaan voorafgingen
voorafgaan voorafgaande
voorafgaan voorafgegaan
golven golvend
golven golvende
golven gegolfd
golven golfde
golven golven
natuurkunde natuurkunde
scherm schermpje
scherm schermen
scherm schermt
scherm scherm
gehucht gehuchtje
gehucht gehuchten
gehucht gehucht
pleiten pleiten
pleiten pleit
pleiten pleitende
pleiten gepleit
pleiten pleitten
pleiten pleitte
aankopen aangekocht
aankopen aankopende
aankopen aangekochte
aankopen aankopen
aankopen aankoop
aankopen aankocht
aankopen aankoopt
aftreden aftredende
aftreden aftreedt
aftreden aftreden
aftreden aftrad
aftreden afgetreden
aftreden aftredend
mogen mochten
mogen gemogen
mogen mocht
mogen mogen
mogen mag
rijzen rees
rijzen rijzen
rijzen rijzende
rijzen gerezen
rijzen rijst
rijzen rezen
droog droog
droog droogje
droog gedroogd
droog droge
droog drogen
droog droogste
droog gedroogde
gerucht gerucht
gerucht geruchten
net neten
net nette
net netje
net netten
net net
bijten beet
bijten bijt
bijten bijten
bijten bijtende
bijten bijtend
zogehet zogeheten
oogst oogstten
oogst oogstte
oogst geoogst
oogst oogst
overblijfsel overblijfsel
overblijfsel overblijfsels
overblijfsel overblijfselen
stelen gesteeld
stelen stal
stelen stelen
stelen steelt
stelen gestolen
herbergen herberg
herbergen herbergden
herbergen herbergt
herbergen herbergen
herbergen herbergde
beseffen beseft
beseffen beseffen
beseffen besef
beseffen beseften
beseffen beseffend
beseffen beseffende
beseffen besefte
wassen wast
wassen wassen
wassen wassende
wassen wasten
wassen gewassen
wassen waste
schijnen schenen
schijnen schijnend
schijnen schijnende
schijnen scheen
schijnen schijnen
schijnen schijnt
bellen belt
bellen bellen
bellen belletjes
bellen gebeld
bellen bel
bellen belde
bellen belden
verlangen verlangend
verlangen verlangende
verlangen verlangd
verlangen verlangens
verlangen verlangde
verlangen verlangen
verlangen verlangt
verlangen verlangden
bestellen bestellen
bestellen besteld
bestellen bestelden
bestellen bestel
bestellen bestelt
bestellen bestelde
beïnvloed beïnvloed
beïnvloed beïnvloedde
regenen regende
regenen regent
regenen regenen
regenen geregend
zo’n zo’n
t/m t/m
toetsen toetsen
toetsen getoetste
toetsen toetst
toetsen getoetst
verschijnselen verschijnselen
klap klapte
klap klappen
klap klap
schetsen schetsen
schetsen schets
schetsen schetsten
schetsen geschetst
schetsen schetste
schetsen schetst
schetsen geschetste
koken kookt
koken gekookte
koken koken
koken kokende
koken gekookt
koken kokend
zeilen zeilende
zeilen zeilde
zeilen zeilt
zeilen zeilen
zeilen zeil
zeilen zeilden
zeilen gezeild
knopen geknoopt
knopen knoopte
knopen geknoopte
knopen knoopt
knopen geknot
knopen knopen
sommigen sommigen
specifiek specifieke
specifiek specifiek
specifiek specifieker
bakken bakken
bakken gebakken
bakken bakten
bakken bakt
neutron neutronen
neutron neutron
plat plat
plat platte
plat platje
neeskunen geneeskunde
aantreden aantraden
aantreden aantredende
aantreden aantreedt
aantreden aantrad
aantreden aantreden
bad bad
bad bidden
schokken schokken
schokken schokkend
schokken schokkende
schokken schokte
schokken geschokte
schokken schok
schokken geschokt
schokken schokten
scheuren scheurde
scheuren scheurt
scheuren gescheurd
scheuren scheur
scheuren scheuren
scheuren scheurden
oud oudste
oud ouds
oud ouwe
oud oudjes
oud oudst
oud oud
oud oude
wantrouwen gewantrouwd
wantrouwen gewantrouwde
wantrouwen wantrouwden
wantrouwen wantrouwen
wantrouwen wantrouwend
wantrouwen wantrouwde
wantrouwen wantrouwt
kolen kolen
kolen koelt
kolen gekoeld
kolen koelde
kolen koelden
kolen gekoelde
veren vert
veren veren
toedoen toegedaan
toedoen toedoen
pomp pomp
pomp gepompt
pomp pompen
slachten geslachten
slachten geslachte
slachten slachten
slachten slachtte
afgeleien afgeleide
putten geput
putten puttend
putten putte
putten put
putten putten
schaak schaken
schaak schaak
specimen specimen
specimen specimens
baat baat
baat baten
baat baatte
baat bate
baat gebaat
spoelen gespoeld
spoelen spoelden
spoelen spoelde
spoelen spoelt
spoelen spoelen
spoelen spoelende
afstuderen afstudeerde
afstuderen afgestudeerde
afstuderen afstudeert
afstuderen afstuderen
afstuderen afstudeerden
afstuderen afgestudeerden
gent gent
gent genten
geheug geheugen
veeteelt veeteelt
voornemen voorgenomen
voornemen voornemen
wateren gewaterd
wateren watert
wateren wateren
slingeren slingerende
slingeren slinger
slingeren slingerde
slingeren slingeren
slingeren slingert
slingeren slingerend
slingeren geslingerd
slingeren slingerden
uitvallen uitviel
uitvallen uitval
uitvallen uitvallen
uitvallen uitvalt
uitvallen uitvallende
afgevaardigden afgevaardigden
